README.md, before:

# 🌿 EcoEvents - Community Engagement Platform

### 📖 Overview
EcoEvents is a full-stack web application designed to help environmental charities manage events and recruit volunteers. It simplifies the process of connecting community members with local green initiatives.

### 🛠️ Tech Stack
* **Backend:** Java 17, Spring Boot (MVC)
* **Frontend:** HTML5, CSS3, Thymeleaf
* **Database:** MySQL (Relational Database Design)
* **Persistence:** Spring Data JPA / Hibernate

### ✨ Key Features
* **Event Showcase:** Dynamic display of upcoming events fetched from the database.
* **Volunteer Registration:** Secure form submission handling (POST requests).
* **Data Persistence:** Fully functional MySQL integration with normalized tables (Events, Volunteers, Registrations).
* **Responsive UI:** Clean, card-based interface inspired by modern charity websites.

### 🚀 How to Run
1. Clone the repository.
2. Configure your MySQL username and password in `application.properties`.
3. Run `EcoeventsApplication.java`.
4. Access via `http://localhost:8080`.

Commit message:

Add testing section to README and service unit tests

README.md, after:

# 🌿 EcoEvents - Community Engagement Platform

### 📖 Overview
EcoEvents is a full-stack web application designed to help environmental charities manage events and recruit volunteers. It simplifies the process of connecting community members with local green initiatives.

### 🛠️ Tech Stack
* **Backend:** Java 17, Spring Boot (MVC)
* **Frontend:** HTML5, CSS3, Thymeleaf
* **Database:** MySQL (Relational Database Design)
* **Persistence:** Spring Data JPA / Hibernate

### ✅ Testing

I wrote unit tests for the service layer using **JUnit 5**, **Mockito**, and **AssertJ**.

- Mocked the JPA repository in `EventServiceTest` so that the service logic can be verified without touching the real database.
- Covered both **happy-path** and **error-handling** scenarios, including:
    - returning all events from the repository,
    - fetching a single event by ID,
    - throwing a `ResourceNotFoundException` when an event cannot be found,
    - saving a new event and returning the persisted entity.
- This makes the core business logic easier to maintain and safer to change in the future.

### ▶️ How to run the tests

From the project root:

```bash
mvn test

### ✨ Key Features
* **Event Showcase:** Dynamic display of upcoming events fetched from the database.
* **Volunteer Registration:** Secure form submission handling (POST requests).
* **Data Persistence:** Fully functional MySQL integration with normalized tables (Events, Volunteers, Registrations).
* **Responsive UI:** Clean, card-based interface inspired by modern charity websites.

### 🚀 How to Run
1. Clone the repository.
2. Configure your MySQL username and password in `application.properties`.
3. Run `EcoeventsApplication.java`.
4. Access via `http://localhost:8080`.
